[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are joined by Victoria
Whitney, a Doctor of Science
and a retired member
of the Department
of Defense, United States Navy.
She has worked as an
environmental engineer
and scientist in special
programs and projects.
Today, we will be
discussing her conversations
with the Pleiadians.
Victoria, welcome.
>>VICTORIA WHITNEY:
Thanks, Emery.
It's nice to be here.
>>EMERY: So tell us
about your conversations
with the Pleiadians.
>>WHITNEY: Well,
as you recall, we
talked about them
coming as a conclave.
And of course, we had many, many
conversations over three years
with them.
The one thing that
we wanted to do
was learn as much
about them as they
were trying to learn about us.
And so I went into
it with a thought of,
how are they like us?
And how are they
different from us?
So there was a lot of
different things that occurred.
But I thought today, we
would talk about some
of the more interesting
ones about the city
that they grew up in.
So talking with the Pleiadians.
They have many
different lineages.
They have many different cities.
Some of their cities
are just like ours.
We're going to
talk about Miranu,
which is the city that
Zendor and Ilyalia came from.
And it's about the
size of Seattle.
So lots of residents live there.
I believe it's close to 726,000.
It's a different type of city
than what we would be used to.
>>EMERY: Now, when we're
talking about cities,
let's talk about the planets
and that constellation.
Could you tell us a
little bit about that?
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, so we all
talk about the Seven Sisters.
But they have way more
planets than that.
Most of it has been colonized
in some way or another.
They have a lot of
outer planets where
they say they're not
really inhabitable,
but they do have stations there.
And those stations are
scientific stations.
So I'm not sure exactly
whether they're monitoring
for something specific.
They didn't really
go into great detail.
They're one of the
few systems that
have so many artificial
planets there, because they
do a lot of biosphere.
They have what they call
commercialized sectors,
just like Andromedans do, where
they have these giant space
stations.
So one of the fascinating
things they talked about
was how most of their cities
are called regenerative cities.
And what that means
is because they're
based on artificial
intelligence,
the city can constantly
renew itself.
And I thought that was a
really fascinating concept,
because we certainly don't
have a city that can do that.
>>EMERY: Is that something
that we can look forward to?
>>WHITNEY: I hope so.
I would love to see
something like that.
One of the things that
they constantly say
is how clean their cities
are and how healthy
their cities are.
>>EMERY: In what ways?
>>WHITNEY: And so
I looked at health,
and I said, healthy as in,
is that a social environment?
And they say, well, yes,
socially, they're very healthy.
But it's also what it does
for their actual system itself
is that it's very healthy.
There's a lot of energy
that they encompass
into their cities
that are supposed
to be of benefit
to the inhabitants
there, which I found
that interesting--
>>EMERY: Where does
that energy come from?
>>WHITNEY: Well, from
different sources.
So a lot of it is they
talk about the waters
that are on their
planets and how--
for instance, with
the Pleiadians,
they talk about the
luminescent waters.
And it's not unusual.
Arcturians have the
same thing, but they
call theirs effervescent
as opposed to luminous.
So of course, my questions would
be, well, what's the difference?
And for the Pleiadians, this
luminescent waters, so they
make artificial walls out of it.
And these artificial
walls are meant
to radiate specific energies
throughout the city.
And then as you come in
contact with those energies,
you're getting some type
of health benefit from it.
>>EMERY: Well, it's
light, isn't it?
It's photons.
>>WHITNEY: It is
light very much.
Right.
And so you're getting a
transfer of those energies
through your system.
So we talk a lot about
it in classes, photon
and phonon exchange through
transfer or conversion, right?
But this is actually seeing
that happen in their cities.
And so I thought that
was really great to think
that they would go that
far to say, wait a minute.
Our environment should be
supporting the inhabitants
as well.
And they have a lot
of green spaces there.
I love the fact that some cities
try to put in parks and trees.
But this is actually part
of their living environment.
And--
>>EMERY: And what
other beings are
included in this environment?
>>WHITNEY: Well, for
most of the Pleiadians,
they say most of their lineage
is a Pleiadian-type lineage.
They don't get a lot of outside
people in there, so to speak.
Unlike when we talk about the
Orions, which is a trade center,
so they're going to get a lot
more different species in there.
But for the Pleiadians,
they say most of them
are their actual lineages.
So they have lineages
through Melchizedeks, Lyrans,
lots of different lineages
because of the wars
that they had.
So most of these, when you
get in there, they'll say,
I believe they said they had
close to 11,000 different
species, but they're
all Pleiadian species.
So when we go talk about
some of the other ones,
they won't be saying the
same thing because they've
had different influences.
But for this city,
most of them are
what they consider Pleiadians.
>>EMERY: Yeah, I think
that's a good point
to bring up because when
we're at these conferences
and answering questions to
the public, a lot of people
have this affinity
of being Pleiadian.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
>>EMERY: And it's so vast
and so much with the DNA
that I have seen that it's
an unlimited amount almost.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Well, it's just like here.
We're all human.
But we're different species
of human, different cultural
backgrounds and some
differences in our DNA.
So it's very much
like them as well.
>>EMERY: So why
are they here now?
Why are we working together?
>>WHITNEY: Well, they've
always been here.
This has been their
laboratory, so to speak.
And they look at the way in
which our cities are growing.
How do we make the decisions to
colonize in certain places, how
we tend to base our structures?
How much health do we
put into our cities?
And so then in comparison,
here's a culture
that that comes
first, that they make
sure that the environment for
their inhabitants is so healthy,
and that it speaks to
their consciousness
and speaks to their frequency.
We don't do those things.
Most people are just now going,
oh, there's a higher frequency.
So they have full
meditation centers
that are throughout their city.
And they have these
luminous waters
that make these walls
that are supposed
to be creating these frequencies
throughout the city that
are giving them harmony
in their attitudes
and their well-being and
different things like that.
We just don't do
things like that.
So it's hard for us to imagine
a city that's like this.
I would love to see this city.
I--
>>EMERY: It's like
a reciprocating
energy that keeps coming back.
>>WHITNEY: Indeed.
>>EMERY: And it helps everyone.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
And so they don't have
anything like crime.
And that's not to say there's
not crime out in the cosmos.
That's not a true statement.
But they don't have crime
within their cities.
Their inhabitants-- one
of the questions I said
is, do you ever disagree?
Because we have
disagreements here.
>>EMERY: Of course.
>>WHITNEY: And
they said, no, it's
everybody voicing their opinion.
But because of the
energies, it keeps them
in a very balanced state.
And I think that's maybe
the key to this city
is that it is creating
this balanced state.
There's no tension.
And we can't say that
here because cities
do create tension.
Overpopulation-- this is a
city the size of Seattle.
There would be overpopulation
to some extent.
>>EMERY: So you wouldn't say
this is some sort of control
or anything of this
energy for people--
>>WHITNEY: I don't believe it is
>>EMERY: --because their
emotions are still,
I guess, free will?
>>WHITNEY: Right.
They still honor
the universal law,
so they still have free will.
But I think what they do is
they see the benefit in it.
I love when we see the morning
trash truck go out and try
to pick up all the trash.
They would never have
anything like that
because this is a
zero waste city.
And you say, well, how do you
get to be a zero waste city?
Well, we package
everything that we have.
They don't do the
same thing, like food.
They have food synthesizers.
They have big stations
where people can
come in and commune together.
They use a gel-type food source.
I'm not--
>>EMERY: And a
lot of that, too--
correct me if I'm wrong--
that that food or that
energy is actually put
in the body in a different way.
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
Right.
So when we're
looking at this, it
is meant to be every
nutrient that the body needs.
I laughed because we saw
some of that with the ship
when they were here.
And at one point,
Ilyalia stuck her finger
in this little cup that
had this gel in it.
And then the gel was--
>>EMERY: That was it.
>>WHITNEY: And that was it.
She did by osmosis.
Her body just took it in.
And it's very efficient.
Like I say, they
don't need a kitchen
because they don't prep foods.
>>EMERY: There's
no waste of energy.
>>WHITNEY: Exactly.
And it's available
whenever they need it.
They don't need to package
anything whatsoever.
And then we look at
those things about--
yes, they wear clothing.
They have furniture,
different things like that.
We, in the same process,
have those things.
But it's the way-- we do a
lot of plastic packaging.
And companies are always
looking for new ways to do that.
They don't do any of that.
It's nanotechnology.
So it's just immediately
there for the using.
So they don't need
to have waste.
And I would love for us
to be able to get there
on this planet.
But that's a huge technology
that we need to overcome.
>>EMERY: What about
their actual bodies?
Does it produce waste?
>>WHITNEY: Their bodies
do produce some waste.
But their system of eliminating
that waste is different.
And there, again, just
from seeing on board ship.
So we worry about urine, right?
They don't have a
urine that they're
getting rid of like that.
And so they do have, though,
a way in which their body--
we would look at it
like sweating sort of.
>>EMERY: Yeah, it's like
on a very smaller level.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
>>EMERY: Like a
cellular level, where--
>>WHITNEY: Right.
And because they're not
taking in solid foods,
that they don't have
to worry about going
through their intestines
and then trying to get rid
of all of that waste.
So it's very different from us.
It's much more efficient.
One of the things that I found
fascinating was showering.
We take a water shower, right?
They don't use
water in that way.
It's an energetic exchange
between their body.
So they have these stalls
that they get into,
and this energy circulates
in this stall and exchanges
with their body.
And then they come out.
And there's no dead skin
cells or any of that.
They don't have to go through
a drying time or anything.
I just found that fascinating.
I was like, oh, I could do that.
That would save me
several minutes every day.
Yeah, so that was
fascinating to see
that they don't have running
tap water in their-- they
call them units.
They don't call them houses.
>>EMERY: Well,
how big is a unit.
Can you describe that?
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
So they use what they
call a layering method.
So everything goes up--
>>EMERY: A layering.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Takes up less space for them.
And everything is set
up so that they're
taking the solar
energy out of the air.
And that's that
autonomous system
of their AI that is doing this.
And so for instance, they have a
lot of interactive glass walls.
I thought my TV screen was big.
They sit there, and they talk
about these all-encompassing
walls that they
can bring in data,
something we would call news.
>>EMERY: So these walls that
are light, they're actually
multi-purpose, obviously.
>>WHITNEY: Yes,
yes, very much so.
So if they need to broadcast
news to their citizens,
it comes across this wall.
They have morning mantras
that come across these walls
to ensure that the citizens are
always getting a healthy dose--
>>EMERY: Even
palpate these walls?
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
Yeah.
>>EMERY: These light walls?
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, yeah, it's
very interesting stuff.
I would love for
us to get there.
I'm just envisioning everything
that we could do with them.
But like I say, the entire
city is meant to maintain them.
And so one of the things
that's interesting
is the city has sensors.
So let's say we
stepped outside today.
It's a little bit
cooler outside, right?
But it would pick up on that
and adjust the temperature
for that specific being,
which I found interesting,
because we can't do that.
We have to adjust the
temperature for the whole room,
right?
So these sensors are
looking for those things.
And one of the questions
we asked them was,
so let's say that
you're not feeling 100%.
Does it pick up?
And they said yes,
and it immediately
starts making
adjustments for that.
So they don't really
have something
like an illness or sick cycle
that they have to go through.
So the city is very
healthy for that.
But they do have these
meditative centers throughout.
They're meant to
take people in there
and allow them that time
to commune with nature.
That's very important to them.
So that led us to the
question, do you have pets?
And they said, we have many,
many different species,
but we do not dominate
them, meaning that they
don't keep them as pets.
But they also have
artificial intelligence
that they consider pets.
And I thought that was--
we see more of that now.
Kids are getting toys
that look like dogs.
>>EMERY: Right, yeah.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
>>EMERY: Robots.
>>WHITNEY: Exactly.
Exactly.
So you can envision
that that's probably--
>>EMERY: What are some of their
core beliefs in their society
and--
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, so they have
really five core beliefs.
Like I say, they start off, and
they say everything is energy.
And if you understand
everything as energy,
then it's just a matter of how
you want to use that energy.
We, too, are energy.
So when we start looking at
it, a lot of what I teach
is, what is energy?
What are the
processes for energy?
What's the language of energy?
That's a lot of
what they do too.
They're miles ahead of us on it.
But we're beginning
to understand
more and more of that.
So that's a very
huge core belief
for them is that
everything is energy.
And the next one is that we've
talked about this before, the 42
universal laws.
So that's what they live by.
They don't have extraneous
laws like we do.
Thou shalt not
kill your neighbor.
>>EMERY: Yeah, that
wouldn't be normal.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Right.
Exactly.
That wouldn't be
in their paradigm
whatsoever, because they
live by these other laws that
are given by the universe.
And so that becomes
very important to them.
So we're talking free will, the
law of abundance, manifestation,
so on and so forth.
There is a law of catastrophe.
So your catastrophe
and my catastrophe
are two different things.
So that comes down to what we
believe catastrophe really is.
It could be an emotional thing.
It could be a natural disaster.
There's no telling
what it would be.
We did ask them if they have
earthquakes and things like that
because we experienced
that frequently around--
>>EMERY: And that's
part of the growth--
>>WHITNEY: It's part of growth.
>>EMERY: --of your energy.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Exactly.
They need to have
those occurrences
to remember that
they're supposed
to be continuing to grow.
Otherwise, what do we do?
We get static in our belief.
And so that's very
much a core part
of that is the renewal process.
And it usually takes
some catastrophe
to remind us that that's what
we're supposed to be doing.
But like I say, we asked
them, do you have earthquakes?
And they said, no, we
don't experience those.
Some of the outer
planets, especially
the ones that they have
these science setups on,
may experience some of
that because they're not
fully developed planets.
They might be an asteroid
or something like that.
>>EMERY: Well, how do
they look on us then?
>>WHITNEY: Well, yeah,
how do they look at us?
>>EMERY: We're pretty
archaic, I would think.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah.
Well, we're children.
There's going to be many
instances where they refer
to us as still being childish
in our actions and our attitudes
and very much so.
If we look at them,
they're highly intelligent.
I mean, they don't--
>>EMERY: But they were kind
of like us in the beginning.
>>WHITNEY: Oh, definitely.
>>EMERY: So--
>>WHITNEY: If we go back
22 million years ago,
when they're talking
about, you know--
>>EMERY: 22 million years ago.
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
And they talk about
the wars and how
they had to migrate
to other planets,
and that they left
their homes for a while.
And earth became a way station
for them to pass through here.
And at some point,
then they began to war
over that end of it.
And so they were asked to leave.
And so we can understand
that that's a natural course
of action with attitudes.
Everybody, even us here, we
have ownership over something.
We don't want to turn it
over to somebody else.
And that became very much
what was happening here.
And at some point, they were
asked to vacate the premises.
And I'm not sure who asked
them to vacate the premises.
But clearly, it was
somebody high enough up
that they would honor that.
But they talk about then having
to go and colonize other places.
And they talk about how
tough that was to colonize,
because some of the
planets they went to,
they were so unfamiliar
with-- and some of the plants
they went to, they said there
were other species there
that they knew nothing about.
And--
>>EMERY: Which brings
me to the next question.
What about these interplanetary
species with Pleiadians?
And do they have relationships
and partnerships and marriages?
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, yeah.
So let's talk about
marriage for a minute.
So when they were
here, Ilyalia had come.
And of course, they were
living in a homeless camp
at that point.
And they met a couple
in there that had,
over the course of 14 months,
developed a relationship
and decided to get married.
And she was fascinated
because she's got telepathy.
So she's seeing
exactly how they feel.
And she said, I
don't understand why
they would want to join together
because of the way they--
while they don't
express it verbally,
internally, they
were expressing it,
and it was conflicting
information.
And she said, I'm not sure
what their purpose is.
And so we talked a lot about,
well, what are they saying?
And she said, well, he felt he
was more superior than she was.
She thought she was an equal.
But they never expressed
that between the two of them.
And then she said then he
always wanted to be catered to,
and she was the one that was
supposed to be the caterer.
And so I thought, well,
this is interesting.
So I took her to
a friend of mine
who was getting married,
big wedding in Seattle,
big cathedral, Catholic church,
all the trimmings, everything
very fancy.
And there, again, she was
fascinated because she said,
I don't understand why the
bride has a smile on her face.
And yet the entire
time she's walking down
the aisle, she's thinking, what
do I look like to other people?
Do they think I spent
enough on this wedding?
And she--
>>EMERY: That must be
an energy overload--
>>WHITNEY: It was.
>>EMERY: --for her
to experience that.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
And then the groom was thinking
about his stocks the whole time.
And she didn't
understand why they would
do this and join together.
So then that led to the
question, well, do you marry?
And she said, well, we're
bred for each other.
We are similar energies.
In other words, we
can align that way.
And so she said, what
happens is they have
this thing called the tripantu.
>>EMERY: Tripantu.
>>WHITNEY: Tripantu.
>>EMERY: What is that?
>>WHITNEY: And
that's the joining.
And it happens only during
a 12-day period each year.
And that's when the--
from where the sun sets
across the Seven Sisters,
it creates this helical
cycle around the planets.
And so they say,
at that time, they
can see themselves in the stars.
And this is the time in which
they do this weaving of life.
So there's these
threads that they
say that they weave through
life, that weaves them together.
And this is their joining.
>>EMERY: Like a
helix, you're saying?
>>WHITNEY: Yes.
>>EMERY: Like--
I mean, it's a
fascinating thing.
And so it's a very big ceremony.
And so a lot of
times, they've never
met the person that they're
going to be joining with.
I thought that was interesting
because I thought, wow,
if we did that here, oh
my gosh, World War III
would occur with some people.
But for this, they've
never met him.
But they show up to this
very ceremonial place.
And there's a path that
leads up to where they're
going to do the actual ritual.
And what they do
is they walk up.
They line this
path with crystals.
They have to walk
barefoot on the crystals
to purify themselves before
they get to the ritual.
And so they'll come.
They'll say, OK, these two
individuals are going to join.
And so they go walk
down this crystal path.
And then there's a huge
bonfire at the end of this.
And the bonfire signifies
we're getting rid of the old,
and we're going to
renew something.
And that starts the--
so we look at a flame,
and we see these little things
come off of these flames,
the tips of it.
Those are the--
making the threads.
And then they talk about
weaving these threads that
will be eternally these
two people woven together.
And so it doesn't matter
where they go in the cosmos.
They're still together.
And I thought, wow, what
a beautiful ceremony
to be able to look at somebody
that you've probably never met,
but you know them because
you're in total alignment
with their energies.
And on top of that,
you're telepathic.
So you can't lie about
what you're thinking.
And to be able to
start that, so they
say when they're
weaving these threads,
it's taking everything that
their ancestors passed down
to them and weaving
that into their lives.
>>EMERY: Is their art and
music involved with this?
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, yeah,
it's very ceremonial.
They wear their best robes.
They talk about the exchange of
energies through the crystals.
But like I say, this tripantu
has a great meaning to them.
And it takes place
over these 12 days
while this helical
cycle is occurring.
And they feel like
that when they
weave these threads
together, and they
are totally bound then as one.
>>EMERY: And how long does
that last, this binding?
>>WHITNEY: The binding is
that will be the rest--
and when the next
couple comes along
as part of their lineage, then
whatever was bound in theirs
will get transferred
to the next.
And so the question
begs them, really,
what are you
transferring to them?
It's not just symbology.
They're transferring
those energies
that they've maintained
over those millions of years
on down through their lineage.
And so this is the
way to continue that.
And so through this
tripantu, they're
making sure that all
of those energies that
were created from
the very beginning
are continued down
through their line.
And that's pretty
powerful stuff if that's
the beginning of
knowledge, and it's
been captured through
all of these lifetimes,
clear down to the beginning.
We're on Earth.
We lose 50 years of knowledge
with every generation.
Where did it go?
Who's supposed to be
keeping track of that?
But the thing is that
they can go back,
and they can recite
their lineage.
And I can't even imagine that.
And to be able to
equate that to not only
their past but their future, and
so we're looking at these things
and going, we are
missing so much.
And are we their past,
or are we their future?
I don't know.
I think we're both.
And I think what's
going to happen
is that we're going to
recognize our past through them,
and that we're going to
recognize our future as them,
and that this is just that
beginning process to get there.
So I would love to have
cities like they have.
I would love to be
able to understand
that my purpose is in my job.
>>EMERY: Right.
Yeah.
>>WHITNEY: This body is
more than just the vehicle
to convey a surround
that it is containing
viable sources of
energy that have
such meaning across the cosmos.
We truly are connected
to one another.
People say, oh, I thought I had
an Arcturian talking in my head.
You probably did.
They're trying to
convey a message to you
that you need to have a more
spiritual aspect, that you
need to be honoring the fact
that you're part of something
bigger.
And unfortunately,
we don't do that.
And you got to remember, they're
on the outside looking in.
We're on the inside looking out.
And they have a bigger
comparison base than we do.
And so having said that, they're
able to look at us and say, wow,
you're still very young.
You haven't learned
those lessons yet.
And we need to.
We need to come together.
>>EMERY: And what
kind of timeline
are they on compared to us?
>>WHITNEY: Well, interesting.
So they say we've
been to the rim.
We do not know what's
beyond the rim.
And that's interesting
because when
they say that, it sounds like
they suspect there's something
more there.
They just don't
know what it is yet.
And is that their evolution?
Maybe.
>>EMERY: And why
they stopped there.
>>WHITNEY: Yeah, I don't know.
I think it has something to
do with a change in density.
And I think that it
probably has something
to do with that they're still
discovering some unknowns.
They don't know whether it's
going to have an effect on them
or not.
I'm not sure.
From a scientific
point of view--
>>EMERY: I could see that, yeah.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Exactly.
My mind would go, wow,
what an opportunity.
Surely, the universal
source is going to say,
I created to this space.
And whatever happens
after that is your input.
And I think that's really
what's going to happen
is that it's going
to be whatever
we are capable of imagining.
Yeah.
And so they've gone that far.
But if you don't
know what to imagine,
then it's going to stay that
way until you figure out--
>>EMERY: --activity will stop.
>>WHITNEY: Right.
Exactly.
And so I find that very
fascinating that they would say,
well, we've been to the rim.
We just haven't discovered
what's past that.
>>EMERY: Fascinating
information.
Victoria, it's always lovely
to have you on the show.
Thanks for being here.
>>WHITNEY: Well, I
appreciate being here.
Thanks.
>>EMERY: I'm Emery Smith, and
this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[MUSIC PLAYING]